don't know what you're gonna do about
didn't weird actually just pulled up to
the pie shop you gonna have pie for
dinner we're gonna have macaroni for
dinner we got leftover mac right I'm
gonna put that on top of the pie there's
gonna be awesome dinner screams yes you
claimed you didn't see anything
suspicious when you looked back to the
truck they taking my daughter I need to
know right now what are you doing to
help
look at this fault this whole thing is
his fault people can't even do your job
well he can do is turn my wife against
me do you think that I did this you you
come here and you arrest me do you
remember that brush that she used to
love yeah I just had one
[Music]
all right what's going on ideas is a
kidnapper and there's a watcher it might
be watching me who's watching me
[Music]
you see this girl